core: add support for hiding applications from the user dashboard (#21530)
goauthentik/authentik: website/docs/add-secure-apps/applications/index.md

    For a reference of all fields available, see [the API schema for the User object](https://api.goauthentik.io/reference/core-users-retrieve/).

>     Only apps with launch URLs that begin with `http://` or `https://`, or that use relative paths, appear on the user's **My applications** page. To keep an app accessible but remove it from the dashboard, use the **Hide from user dashboard** option (see [Hide applications](./manage_apps.mdx#hide-applications)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Only apps with launch URLs that begin with `http://` or `https://`, or that use relative paths, appear on the user's **My applications** page. To keep an app accessible, but remove it from the User interface, use the **Hide from user dashboard** option (see [Hide applications](./manage_apps.mdx#hide-applications)).
```

>     Only applications whose launch URL starts with `http://` or `https://` or are relative URLs are shown on the users' **My applications** page. To hide an application from the dashboard while keeping it accessible, use the _Hide from user dashboard_ toggle (see [Hide applications](./manage_apps.mdx#hide-applications)).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Only apps with launch URLs that begin with `http://` or `https://`, or that use relative paths, appear on the user's **My applications** page. To keep an app accessible but remove it from the dashboard, use the **Hide from user dashboard** option (see [Hide applications](./manage_apps.mdx#hide-applications)).
```
